Add a new overview file for Jeff Naemura and add link in index.md to fix issue #111 (#204)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-sp25: docs/overviews/to-do-overview_Naem-J.md

> # To-Do API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To-Do Service API
```
To use the service's proper name.

A mock checklist API to keep your life in order

| [Get Started](#get-started) | [API Reference](#api-reference) |
|---|---|

> The To-Do service provides a cloud-hosted checklist for subscribers to post pending tasks and receive reminders until they are complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The To-Do Service provides a cloud-hosted checklist for subscribers to post pending tasks and receive reminders until they are complete.
```

> The To-Do service provides a cloud-hosted checklist for subscribers to post pending tasks and receive reminders until they are complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The To-Do service provides a cloud-hosted checklist for subscribers to post pending tasks and receive reminders until they're complete.
```

## Before you start

> [Before you start](../before-you-start-a-tutorial.md), make sure your system is set up appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you [configure your system appropriately before you start](../before-you-start-a-tutorial.md). 
```

To remove passive voice.

## Get started

Create your first task with this simple [quickstart guide](#get-started).

## Try it out

> Use our simple [tutorials](../tutorials.md) to practice and find inspiration for your own To-Do list. In our tutorials, you can find examples to [enroll a new user](../tutorials/enroll-a-new-user.md), [add a new task](../tutorials/add-a-new-task.md), and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the simple [tutorials](../tutorials.md) to practice and find inspiration for your own To-Do list.
In the tutorials, you can find examples to [enroll a new user](../tutorials/enroll-a-new-user.md), [add a new task](../tutorials/add-a-new-task.md), and more.
```
